feat: support SPLUNK_REALM (#530)
signalfx/splunk-otel-js: docs/advanced-config.md

| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER`                                           | `parentbased_always_on` | Stable  | Sampler to be used for traces. See [Sampling](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/sdk.md#sampling)
| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG`                                       |                         | Stable  | String value to be used as the sampler argument. Only be used if OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER is set.
| `SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN`<br>`accessToken`                          |                         | Stable  | The optional access token for exporting signal data directly to SignalFx API.

> | `SPLUNK_REALM`<br>`realm`                                       |                         | Stable  | Choose the Splunk realm when sending data directly to the Observability Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SPLUNK_REALM`<br>`realm`                                       |                         | Stable  | The name of your organization's realm, for example, ``us0``. When you set the realm, telemetry is sent directly to the ingest endpoint of Splunk Observability Cloud, bypassing the Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector.
```
